TODO:   * A reduce pattern, a stencil pattern.
        * RGB pics.
        * 16 bit.


1. Define the input data (e.g., array/vector) and its size
2. Define the output buffer (e.g., array/vector) and its size
3. Create device buffers for input (read-only) and output (read-write)
4. Write input data to the device input buffer
5. Initialize the output buffer on the device (e.g., set to zeros if needed)
6. Create the kernel from the program and set its arguments (input and output buffers)
7. Run the kernel with appropriate global work size
8. Read the output buffer back to the host
9. Use the results (e.g., process or print)




Dear Parallel Programming students,



Here is some important information about the two assessments for the module:



ASSESSMENT-1 



Your executive summary must be submitted as a pdf file and as the main TurnItIn submission. Please note that the brief specifies a 4 page limit on the executive summary.  This refers to the complete submission document so includes any appendices, references, or other content. 



Your source code must be submitted as a zip file as Supplemental Information in TurnItIn. It must be named submission.zip and will be assessed by extracting it to a folder on a lab machine using the following commands:



$ sudo apt install ocl-icd-opencl-dev ocl-icd-libopencl1 pocl-opencl-icd clinfo

$ unzip submission.zip

$ cd submission

$ g++ assessment1.cpp -o assessment1 -lOpenCL -lX11 -lpthread

$ ./assessment1 -p 0 #run on GPU

$ ./assessment1 -p 1 #run on CPU



(Advanced students: if you require other libraries to run then your may provide an additional Makefile which creates assessment1 given the command 

$ make

in place of the g++ command above.

)



Code which does not execute from these commands will receive ZERO MARKS.  So it is important to name your zip file and cpp file exactly as above, and to test your code on the lab machines using these exact commands.



If you require individual support in your work on Assessment1 then you should ask the demonstrators during the scheduled workshops sessions, who are available to help you. 